So this is what my solution looks like.
I put each of the three elements on
its own line because I think it's easier to read like this.
Either way is actually valid,
one line or three lines but I like this way a little bit more.
Notice that I have opening tags and closing tags
with content in between for each of my three elements.
Also notice that my closing tags look different because they
all have a slash here after the less than sign.
So, let's see how this looks.
I've saved my file and I will come over to
the browser and I will hit refresh. And there you go.
Notice that the p tag that says,
" I'm Cameron," is all on its own line.
There is nothing next to it.
But the two spans that say,
"I like teaching and web dev" are all on the same line.
Remember this is a paragraph,
so it wants to be by itself but spans are part of a line so they are part of a line.
That's why I left this space right here.
So, that goes to show you a couple of things.
One is that it's really not too bad writing these things
and two every type of element will display differently.
You'll be learning all about
the different elements and the way that they display later on.